so youre not certain
what do you want to talk about
whats the weather like
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
so youre not certain
do you live alone
oh
whats wrong
are you feeling down
whats wrong
whats wrong
what now
hmm
bye
how are you feeling
whats wrong
whats wrong
what happend
whats wrong
how are the kids
what are you doing
whats wrong
whats wrong
whats wrong
what color is the sky
what
whats wrong
whats wrong
what do you want to talk aobut
cool
what do you talk
do you like god
do you listen to music
whats wrong
